to make a series on this map the
truth is a small
[Music]
[Applause]
to a base of villages
he has the language of what is
swamp that is here abajito
right here abajito
it also has the biome of what is
snow also has a strength of what
which is from tree to giant tree has
also the language of the desert that what
we are seeing to the bottom good that
is here also good gave us more like
a fortress of pure pure lava ok and
it also has what it is like here
called the jungle biome that also
is super super cool has a lot to
make a great series here the truth is
super cool this map I recommend it
a hundred guys and the truth I liked
that's why I'm doing the review
if you do not listen to me I also wanted you
clarify that if they do not listen to me well it is
because I have a lot of flu they have not given very
well I'm doing a miracle in
is recording I feel I have not felt
very good lately and good guys yo
I leave you this super map that
the truth is super father and I
dismiss until the next guys
[Music]